Fix row parsing when there is a # (#411)
Telefonica/toolium: CHANGELOG.rst

*Release date: In development*

 - Allow to save the diff image in jpg format for visual tests working with jpg

>  - Fix the use of # character in tables declared in the actions before feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fix the use of the # character in the actions defined in the feature description (Actions Before/After...)
```
